We cut you off earlier when you were talking about what you felt were the most significant
emails that you have released.
Is there any last one that you'd like to mention?
And also, do you have any thoughts on Donald Trump?
I mean, just before we went to air, a CNN poll came out that says Donald Trump is
ahead by five percentage points of Hillary Clinton.
Now, he did just come off of the Republican convention, but many called it the worst
convention in history.
So it's not automatic that he should have had this percentage lead.
Of course, though, you have the crisis, the disarray the Democratic Party is in because
of these emails that you've released.
Well, you're asking me, do I prefer cholera or gonorrhea.
Personally, I would prefer neither.
Look, I think, you know, we know how politics works in the United States.
Whoever, whatever political party gets into government is going to merge with the bureaucracy
pretty damn fast.
It'll be in a position where it has some levers in its hand.
And so, as a result, the corporate lobbyists will move in to help to control those levers.
So it doesn't make much difference in the end.
What does make a difference is political accountability, a general deterrence set to stop political
organizations behaving in a corrupt manner.
That can make a difference, because that changes the perception of what you can do
or not do.
And so, always—well, almost always, you should choose the principled position, which
is to set a disciplinary signal about acting in a corrupt way and take a philosophical
position, which is our institutions can only be as good as our understanding of our institutions.
Now, I'm asking—
We want to—
The other—
Yes, go ahead, Julian.
The other top emails—well, as I said, I think this instruction by Lewis Miranda,
the head of communications, to go out and covertly spread anti-Bernie Sanders propaganda
is a clear instruction combined with a chain of command.
It's not simply expressing a sentiment.
It is expressing instruction within the DNC to subvert the Bernie Sanders campaign.
Then there's a lot of emails about the close relationship between the DNC and the media.
The Washington Post involved in a co-fundraising party, an off-list co-fundraising party for
the DNC, calling up MSNBC during the middle of a program and saying, pull that segment
now.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz calling up the president of MSNBC in order to discipline Morning Joe,
etc.
That's, you know, of course, something that we've all suspected happens, that this
is concrete proof.
But, you know, I really encourage people to research the more than 8,000 attachments
that we put out, separate files, including more than 175 spreadsheets.
That has the real core, the financial core of the power structure and the exercise of
monetary influence over the DNC.
And that's something that's going to seed journalistic investigations for years.
Julian Assange, we want to thank you for being with us, Julian Assange, founder and
editor-in-chief of WikiLeaks.
This is Democracy Now!
You can go online at democracynow.org to read the transcript or to hear again either
the audio podcast or the video, see the video of this interview.
We're broadcasting from the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia.
It's the first day.
It will be gaveled in in just a couple of hours from this broadcast.
I'm Amy Goodman, with Juan González.
When we come back, a debate.
Stay with us.
Take us to change this present situation, take us in from our elders, don't make the
same mistake, let's do just one thing in present situations, our leaders make us fight,
we don't know what for, let them fight the war, it's got to end somewhere, it's
all left up to us, our generation, let's do just what we must, straighten it out.
